# Alleviating Movie Cold Start Recommendations with Deep Spatial and Temporal Features

## item-item.py
Generates gamma matrix where each row represents a user and each column represents a movie each element is the predicted rating of the movie from the user

## insert_score_cb.py
Inserts the predicted score from the gammas matrix generated by item-item.py into the final table that contains all the predicted score from different model.

## linear_reg.py
Takes the cb and cf scores from the final big table and generate a linear regression hybrid model to predict scores for each user movie pair.

## dictionary_data folder
Contains 3 dictionaries. movieId_to_movieIndex.npy is mapping a movie id to an index in the Gamma index generated by item-item.py. movieIndex_to_movieId.npy is the reverse of movieId_to_movieIndex.npy. user_movies.npy is mapping one user id to the 20 most recently rated movies by that user.

## models folder
Contains the lstm autoencoder and resnet-18 feature extraction code.

## scripts folder
Includes the downsampling code and scraping of the keyframes script

## eval
### cb_eval.py
Does the diversity and accuracy evaluation of the content based models.

### rmsc_eval.py
Calculates the root mean square error of the hybrid model by comparing the order of the recommended movies and the actual order of the preference for any given user.

## feature vector construction
Folder contains the feature vectors for each of the movies for each of the different content based models. Also contains the code to create the baseline feature vectors for the content based models.
